docs/cli.md, before:

### CLI Arguments

```console
$ cargo insert-docs -h

Inserts crate docs into a readme file and feature docs into the crate docs.

Usage: cargo insert-docs [OPTIONS]

Options:
      --feature-label <FEATURE_LABEL>  Formatting of the feature label [default: **`{feature}`**]
      --feature-section-name <NAME>    Feature documentation section name [default: "feature documentation"]
      --crate-section-name <NAME>      Crate documentation section name [default: "crate documentation"]
      --link-to-latest                 Link to the "latest" version on docs.rs
  -h, --help                           Print help (see more with '--help')
  -V, --version                        Print version

Cargo Doc Options:
      --document-private-items  Document private items
      --no-deps                 Don't build documentation for dependencies

Mode Selection:
      --check               Runs in 'check' mode, erroring if something is out of date
      --no-feature-section  Disables inserting the feature documentation into the crate documentation
      --no-crate-section    Disables inserting the crate documentation into the readme

Error Behavior:
      --strict                  Error when a section is missing
      --strict-feature-section  Error when a feature documentation section is missing
      --strict-crate-section    Error when a crate documentation section is missing
      --allow-dirty             Insert documentation even if the affected file is dirty or has staged changes
      --allow-staged            Insert documentation even if the affected file has staged changes

Message Options:
      --color <WHEN>  Coloring [default: auto] [possible values: auto, always, never]
  -v, --verbose       Print more verbose messages
  -q, --quiet         Do not print anything
      --quiet-cargo   Do not print cargo log messages

Package Selection:
  -p, --package <SPEC>  Package(s) to document
      --workspace       Document all packages in the workspace
      --exclude <SPEC>  Exclude package(s) from documenting

Feature Selection:
  -F, --features <FEATURES>  Space or comma separated list of features to activate
      --all-features         Activate all available features
      --no-default-features  Do not activate the `default` feature

Target Selection:
      --lib           Document only library targets
      --bin [<NAME>]  Document only the specified binary

Compilation Options:
      --toolchain <TOOLCHAIN>   Which rustup toolchain to use when invoking rustdoc. [default: nightly]
      --target <TRIPLE>         Target triple to document
      --target-dir <DIRECTORY>  Directory for all generated artifacts

Manifest Options:
      --manifest-path <PATH>  Path to Cargo.toml
      --readme-path <PATH>    Readme path relative to the package manifest
```

Commit message:

feat!: replace `--no-*-section` arguments with subcommands

docs/cli.md, after:

### CLI Arguments

```console
$ cargo insert-docs -h

Inserts crate docs into a readme file and feature docs into the crate docs.

Usage: cargo insert-docs [OPTIONS] [COMMAND]

Commands:
  feature-into-crate  
  crate-into-readme   
  help                Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
      --feature-label <FEATURE_LABEL>  Formatting of the feature label [default: **`{feature}`**]
      --feature-section-name <NAME>    Feature documentation section name [default: "feature documentation"]
      --crate-section-name <NAME>      Crate documentation section name [default: "crate documentation"]
      --link-to-latest                 Link to the "latest" version on docs.rs
  -h, --help                           Print help (see more with '--help')
  -V, --version                        Print version

Cargo Doc Options:
      --document-private-items  Document private items
      --no-deps                 Don't build documentation for dependencies

Mode Selection:
      --check  Runs in 'check' mode, erroring if something is out of date

Error Behavior:
      --strict                  Error when a section is missing
      --strict-feature-section  Error when a feature documentation section is missing
      --strict-crate-section    Error when a crate documentation section is missing
      --allow-dirty             Insert documentation even if the affected file is dirty or has staged changes
      --allow-staged            Insert documentation even if the affected file has staged changes

Message Options:
      --color <WHEN>  Coloring [default: auto] [possible values: auto, always, never]
  -v, --verbose       Print more verbose messages
  -q, --quiet         Do not print anything
      --quiet-cargo   Do not print cargo log messages

Package Selection:
  -p, --package <SPEC>  Package(s) to document
      --workspace       Document all packages in the workspace
      --exclude <SPEC>  Exclude package(s) from documenting

Feature Selection:
  -F, --features <FEATURES>  Space or comma separated list of features to activate
      --all-features         Activate all available features
      --no-default-features  Do not activate the `default` feature

Target Selection:
      --lib           Document only library targets
      --bin [<NAME>]  Document only the specified binary

Compilation Options:
      --toolchain <TOOLCHAIN>   Which rustup toolchain to use when invoking rustdoc. [default: nightly]
      --target <TRIPLE>         Target triple to document
      --target-dir <DIRECTORY>  Directory for all generated artifacts

Manifest Options:
      --manifest-path <PATH>  Path to Cargo.toml
      --readme-path <PATH>    Readme path relative to the package manifest
```
